We've now created our first architectural piece for our castle and what we want to do now is we want
to get a little bit organized.
So we'll come over to our layers and we're going to select all of our layers except for our drawing
and our reuse layers and we're going to stick them in a folder and we'll call that folder there
are 1
open it back up and now we need to do some merging and some are relabelling.
So we're going to merge each piece of our castle or at least each piece of our architectural piece into
one layer so we can keep track of them better.
For example our railing we are going to merge that into one layer and we'll label it railing
and we'll just continue to do that call that Windows
doorway
.
By
spire
large cylinder we're actually going to merge our doorway and our large cylinders.
So we're going to bring our doorway down next to our large cylinder and then we're going to merge them
Then
we have another Spyer
another Spier
call this large.
So our sorry small cylinder.
Then let's merge these two layers together.
So now that's one layer and we'll call it let
all merge our finial pieces together and we'll call it finial
we'll call this roof